Add Backup and restore with Velero and Restic for podified (#1526)
ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation: general_configuration/_topics/configuration.md

8.  Click **Save**.

#### Backing Up and Restoring {{ site.data.product.title }} in a Kubernetes Based Environment (podified)

**Prerequisites:**
   - Velero and Restic must be installed and working in your cluster. For more information on Velero, see the [Velero documentation](https://velero.io/docs/v1.5/). For more information on Restic, see the [Restic documentation](https://restic.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) 

> **Note:** The operator adds labels and/or annotations to everything that needs to be backed up. You can easily and quickly backup only what is required. The operator will add annotations for restic volume backups for example, `backup.velero.io/backup-volumes: miq-pgdb-volume`.

Reviewer: Should we make the example more generic or leave it out to simplify productization of the documentation?

Reviewer 2: @bdunne Can we say `backup.velero.io/backup-volumes: <volume-label>` ?

> 1. The backup label key can be configured by adding the following to the CR. The default applies the label `manageiq.org/backup=t` if nothing else is specified.

Reviewer: Same here, but we probably want to make manageiq.org/backup=t a config parameter

Reviewer 2: @bdunne when you say a config parameter you mean put it in https://github.com/ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation/blob/master/_data/product.yml ?

   ```
   ...
   spec:
     ...

>      backupLabelName: <name of your openshift OIDC CA cert> (default: manageiq.org/backup)

Reviewer: Paste error? `<name of your openshift OIDC CA cert>`

Reviewer: Hmm... looks like the copy/paste error was on my side in the pods repo.

>      backupLabelName: <name of your openshift OIDC CA cert> (default: manageiq.org/backup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     backupLabelName: <key for the label that will be used to identify resources to be backed up> (default: manageiq.org/backup)
```

   ```
2. Create a backup by running the command:
   ```

>    velero backup create <your backup name> --include-namespaces <your namespace> -l manageiq.org/backup=t

Reviewer: Same comment about the config parameter here
